Add Grafana data source configuration instruction for Quickwit Searcher Lambda (#5092)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: distribution/lambda/README.md

| QW_LAMBDA_PARTIAL_REQUEST_CACHE_CAPACITY | `searcher.partial_request_cache_capacity` node config | 64M |

> ### <a name=set-up-a-search-api />Set up a search API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up a search API
```

you can ref the title as `[link](set-up-a-search-api)` without the `<a/>` tag

 * `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
 * `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
 * `cdk docs`        open CDK documentation

### Grafana data source setup

> You can query and visualize Quickwit Searcher Lambda data from Grafana by using Quickwit data source for Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can query and visualize the Quickwit Searcher Lambda from Grafana by using the [Quickwit data source for Grafana](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/quickwit-quickwit-datasource/).
```

#### Prerequisites

> - [Setup HTTP API endpoint for Quickwit Searcher Lambda](#set-up-a-search-api)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Set up HTTP API endpoint for Quickwit Searcher Lambda](#set-up-a-search-api)
```

- [Install Quickwit data source plugin on Grafana](https://github.com/quickwit-oss/quickwit-datasource#installation)

#### Configure Grafana data source

You need to provide the following information.

|Variable|Description|Example|
|--|--|--|
|HTTP URL| HTTP search endpoint for Quickwit Searcher Lambda | https://*******.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/api/v1 |

> |Custom HTTP Headers| (Optional) If you configure API Gateway to require an API key, set `x-api-key` HTTP Header | Header: `x-api-key` <br> Value: API key value|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Custom HTTP Headers| If you configure API Gateway to require an API key, set `x-api-key` HTTP Header | Header: `x-api-key` <br> Value: API key value|
```

|Index ID| Same as `QW_LAMBDA_INDEX_ID` | hdfs-logs |

> After enter the above values, click "Save & test" and you can query Quickwit data from Grafana!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After entering the above values, click "Save & test" and you can query Quickwit data from Grafana!
```

> After entering the above values, click "Save & test" and you can query Quickwit data from Grafana!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After entering these values, click "Save & test" and you can now query your Quickwit Lambda from Grafana!
```
